Sorry, judges
Judges
I would like to ask
It's my work. Is there something wrong with it? The designs.
No problem, it's yours.
I don't quite understand what the judges mean
What the judges mean
You plagiarize
Miss Bai, since you say I plagiarize
Please make it clear
Miss Jiang, you really don't shed any light or tears
If only it had been said
I'm afraid you can't get along in the design world
Yes, people are timid and not magnanimous
I saved you face.
Don't know what's good
Hurry up and take what you plagiarized
This past year's design competition?
They are all high-level designers.
Even if there are occasional words that are flat
That's not like competing with copied works?
Master
Justice is still being done
You dare to take this kind of garbage
No.
Do you mean that I plagiarized Miss Bai's work?
Or else?
With a designer like you
Can design such a hand
This design draft
It's a design I completed 3 years ago
I haven't copied anyone for three years
Your picture was held by Miss Bai 3 years ago
He has won the design gold award internationally
Are you going to plagiarize in the future?
Use your brain to check the information
At least change it.
How can it be exactly the same?
All right, judges and teachers, stop talking
I think Miss Jiang must be jealous of me
That's why they plagiarized my work
As expected of the eldest lady of the Bai family
Look at this tolerance, this eagle
What are you still doing here?
Get out of here
Our competition of this specification
You are not allowed to copy shamelessly like this.
Strike progress
I'll say it again.
I didn't plagiarize.
Since Miss Jiang refuses to leave by herself, I can only
Good night
Please ask Miss Jiang to deal with it.